#!/usr/bin/perl 

#----------------------------------------------------------------
# The man page is generated from this, using pod2man.
#----------------------------------------------------------------

=head1 NAME

OpenGrade - software for teachers to keep track of grades

=head1 SYNOPSIS

opengrade [options] [filename]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

B<OpenGrade> is a desktop application that lets teachers keep track of their
students' grades. It can put the
students' grade reports on a web server, and allow the students password-protected
access to them.

=head1 OPTIONS

See the full PDF documentation for more detailed information on the options.

=over 8

=item -t

Use the text-based interface rather than the graphical user interface.

=back

=over 8

=item --identical

Determines whether the two gradebook files are identical. 

=back

=over 8

=item --or_diff

When used with --identical, allows opengrade to be used as an extension to the
Unix diff program.

=back

=over 8

=item --copy

Copies one gradebook file to another.

=back

=over 8

=item --output_format

Sets the output format for --copy.

=back

=over 8

=item --output

Sets the output file for --copy.

=back

=over 8

=item --authenticate

For --copy, check the digital watermark and propagate it.

=back

=over 8

=item --input_password

Set the input password for --copy.

=back

=over 8

=item --output_password

Set the output password for --copy.

=back

=over 8

=item --modify

For --copy, introduce some modifications rather than simply copying.

=back

=over 8

=item --undo=n

After doing the operations specified in --modify, perform n undo operations.

=back

=over 8

=item --query

Extract data from a gradbook file.

=back

=head1 FILES

/usr/local/share/icons/hicolor/48x48/apps/opengrade_icon.png - the program's icon

/usr/share/apps/opengrade/sounds/*.wav - sounds used for auditory feedback while entering grades

B<$HOME>/.OpenGrade_prefs - a text file containing the user's preferences

=head1 OTHER INFORMATION

OpenGrade's web page is at

        http://www.lightandmatter.com/ogr/ogr.html   ,

where you can always find the latest version of the software. There is more
extensive documentation available there as a PDF file.
There is a page for OpenGrade on Freshmeat, at

        http://freshmeat.net/projects/opengrade/   ,

where you can give comments, rate it, and subscribe to e-mail announcements of new releases.

=head1 AUTHOR

OpenGrade was written by Ben Crowell, http://www.lightandmatter.com/personal/.

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

B<Copyright (C)> 2002-2009 by Benjamin Crowell.

B<OpenGrade> is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of the GPL, v. 2.

=cut
